hi everyone thanks for tuning in to this
tutorial showing you how I made this
snack shack for my daughter what
inspired this project is the American
Girl snack cart it's big its bold it's
awesome and yes it's a hundred and fifty
dollars I almost bought it but sometimes
we have to spend our money on things
that are a higher priority so no AG
snack cart for us but one day when I was
at Michael's I saw this brightly
patterned foam core board you see here
and I decided to buy it and try to put a
snack cart together myself I used the
how-to video on making a snack cart from
myfroggystuff as a guide and used what I
had in my house to make it I did buy the
foam core wood dowels and the white
plastic wheel caps for a total
investment of less than $25 we started
with a recycled sturdy cardboard box and
foam core I cut and covered three sides
and the top and left the back plane so I
could make my cuts and openings for a
refrigerator and microwave for the
canopy I cut one piece of foam core then
scored it and bent it almost in half I
glued a dowel for support across the
middle I didn't want to put four holes
in the pretty foam core snack counter so
when I tried to make it work with two
legs and instead of four and it fell off
I decided that I needed to use my last
bit of foam core to make the legs to
support the canopy you can see I had to
angle the foam core to mimic the curve
of the canopy at the top I had to use a
large amount of hot and we're putting it
all together it is removable however
because the whole the holes do hold the
dowels and the side supports are just
slightly shorter so they just rest on
top of the cart I made some signs in
Photoshop on my computer and printed
them out on photo paper we are calling
this version of the cart mom's marvelous
munchies I made other signs to for when
my daughter uses this cart for different
purposes she has a doll named Sophia so
winter dolls are all at the beach so use
Sophia's snack shack signs the signs are
just lightly taped on so they can easily
be switched out we also made these menus
for the front and sides of the cart on
the back I wanted a microwave
refrigerator and cash drawer or shelf I
used an American Girl Clothing box
placed on
side for the refrigerator the inside
insides of the box are glued down I then
created a shelf support for the box to
sit on by layering pieces of thick
cardboard along the bottom inside of the
cart box after I glued in the AG box I
line the inside of it with foam core at
the back and made a couple of foam core
shelves you can see this box didn't need
a hinge because it's placed on its side
I glued a piece of cardboard into the
refrigerator at the opening edge so I
could glue magnetic tape you can see the
glue didn't hold the magnetic tape and I
have to redo this part for the front I
had these stationary pieces a label on a
postcard that seemed just the right size
for a refrigerator cover and microwave
door so for the refrigerator I trimmed
the postcard and glued it to the front
the handles are from a child's clothing
hanger I used a heavy-duty wire cutter
to cut both of the curved sides off of
the hanger for the refrigerator and
microwave handles for the microwave I
used recycled plastic packaging for the
inside structure it was originally going
to use a box glue just inside the door
but this piece was just the right size
it's a bit of a mess but it's what I had
on hand to use here I also used a
magnetic tape to hold the door closed
the door is actually two pieces of
cardboard with a piece of recycled
plastic for the window sandwiched in
between to make the drawer I recycled an
old jewelry gift box first I cut an
opening in the snack cart box then I
created a support structure on top of
the refrigerator box by gluing pieces of
cardboard to get to the level of the
bottom of the drawer I glued the to box
pieces along one side I had to make sure
when I cut the opening in the snack
cards that I didn't cut it too large so
it's a tight fit to open and close the
drawer the drawer handle is the curved
hook off the top of the child's hanger
the towel bar on the side of the card is
made from the child's hanger as well
it's the piece across the top that is
used to hold tank top and other straps
it was the perfect shape to hold a towel
for the wheels I wanted real wheels or
casters but they were pretty expensive
so when I found this packet of white
caps meant to put onto the end of a
walking cane I immediately imagine the
carts wheels with these pieces I went
through my button stash to find these
cute black buttons to make the wheel
wells then I glued the buttons to the
caps and the caps to the bottom of the
box and last but not least for the
actual snacks we used what we had from
an hour generation kitchen the American
Bank Center as well as eraser shaped
like food so here's a final look at our
snack shack I'm so happy to have it done
it wasn't an easy project to create so
for all of you who might get discouraged
when you start a project it's okay to
set it aside and go back later to finish
it hopefully you'll have more creativity
and energy to finally get it done so you
can actually play with it create with
confidence thanks for watching